1. use this passage :
Read the extract below and answer questions 9 to 10 A little learning is a dangerous thing:
Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring The shallow droughts intoxicate the brain And drinking largely sobers us again.
should show in question 9 to 10
2. use This passage
PART II - UNSEEN PROSE AND POETRY

Read the passage below and answer questions 21 to 25

Marooned, Akpause felt imprisoned. It was fifteen days since the storm. The flood waters were not receding; neither did Akpause see any sign of help coming. Akpause could not swim the expanse of flood waters. He meditated.

When one looks upon the mountain for help and help comes from the Lord... where does the Lord sit - in the cloud or on the mountain, or in the valley?

Well, Akpause looked for salvation in the distance, far across the ocean of flood - the intimidating expanse of his great gaoler - up to where the sky and the lips of the flood waters met in a mocking kiss. He had forgotten the feeling of hunger but knew he did not have any energy. What a foolish thing to think! He had not had any food for days. True. But hunger never said hello from the hollow of his 'person-tree' as they say in his language... Akpause saw no help coming.

Should show in question 21 to 25

3. use This passage
Read the poem below and answer questions 26 to 30

Your lies are the wintering strokes still, they come from the inner recesses of your dungeoned heart. And though venomous than the venom, they inspire our ones doomed minds to disorders even as your angels of death pass us by with messages of hopeless hope.

Did you read our mind in your lies? We know the seat of power in a castle of your evil heart; where your lies are imprisoned to be released again and again; they are never in rain! But they have soothed us calmly, your lies, the war is not of you anymore, it is of the angels who pass us by with messages of peace.

Should show in question 26 to 30

4. use This passage

SECTION B

WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE: A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM

Read the extract below and answer questions 31 to 35 Go, Philostrate,

Sir up the Athenian youth to merriments; Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth; Turn melancholy forth to funerals:
The pale companion is not for our pomp.

Hippolyta, I wooed thee with my sword, And won thy love doing thee injuries; But I will wed thee in another key,
With pomp with triumph, and with revelling. (Act I, Scene One, Lines 12-20)
Should show in question 31 to 35

5. use This passage 
Read the extract below and answer questions 36 to 40 Speaker X: Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled?
Speak! In some bush? Where dost thou hide thy head?

Speaker Y: Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look at for wars.
And wilt not come? Come, recreant, come, thou child; I'll whip thee with a rod. He is defiled
That draws a sword on thee.

(Act III, Scene Two, Lines 403 - 411)
 Should show in question 36 to 40

6. use this passage 

Read the extract below and answer questions 41 to 45

...seest thou this sweet sight?
Her dotage now I do begin to pity.
For meeting her of late behind the wood, Seeking sweet favours for this hateful fool, I did upbraid her, and fall out with her.

For she his hairy temples then had rounded With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers; (Act IV, Scene One, Lines 42 - 48)
 
should show in questions 41 to 45

7. use this passage
Read the extract below and answer questions 46 to 50

...Man is but an ass if he go about to expound this dream. Methought I was - there is no man can tell what. Methought I was, and methought I had - but man is but a patched fool, if he will offer to say what methought I had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.

(Act IV, Scene One, Lines 201 - 207)

should show in questions 46 to 50
